https://imgur.com/a/RC8gpxg
Answers:
        1. Serveris a type of computer on a network that manages shared and privileged
        resources and often plays dedicated roles and executes processing for a specific 
        IT function for an organization and that has it's own, hard disk, CPU, RAM.
        A server can be of one kind providing one service or it can provide all the
        services mentioned above.
        2. Domain name is simply a human readable form of an IP address and used it is used
        by DNS to match it to its respective IP address.It's the unique name that appears after 
        the @ sign in email addresses, and after www. in web addresses. And serve to identify 
        Internet resources, such as computers, networks, and services, with a text-based 
        label that is easier to memorize than the numerical addresses used in the Internet protocols.
        3. www.foobar.com, DNS record types are records that provide important information
        about a hostname or domain. The domain name here is foobar.com that comes after
        the dot and the first part, www, is a subdomain. www is used as a CNAME
        record whose value is foobar.com, which is then used by DNS to find it's
        IP address.
        4. Web server in its hardware form stores the html, java, css, image,
        it also stores web server software. User to store, process, and deliver 
        requested information or webpages to end users. The web server software controls
        how websites are accessed. This is done with the help of HTTP server,
        that understand URL and HTTP requests, to deliver us a static webpage.
        5. Application Server handles the business logic. This means it will
        transform the data to provide special functions, to make the webpage
        interactive with the user. It is an intermediate between the webserver
        and database. It reduces the complex interaction between webserver and
        database, by storing previous interactions, giving better performance,
        better management.It helps the clients to process any requests by connecting
        to the Database and returning the information back to web servers.
        5. Database is a way to store information in an organized manner so
        that it can be easily accessed, updated and utilized. used to a collection of 
        logically related information organized so that it can be easily accessible.
        6. The server uses IP address to communicate with the client using
        protocols like TCP\IP, HTTP. Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is a method
        for encoding and transporting information between a client and a web server.

Issues with the infrastructure:
        1. It has SPOF. This can be with the client software or hardware, the network
        connection or with a single server. It is a single server, malfunction in its
        hardware or software or even issues in the data center can fail the entire system.
        A SPOF or single point of failure is any non-redundant part of a system that, 
        if dysfunctional, would cause the entire system to fail. 
        2. Downtime when it is updating requires for the whole system to be
        shutdown, at this time users will not be able to access the services
        because there is no other server that can take its place.
        3. It is using a single server that can be overloaded with incoming
        bulky traffic. This can cause server crashing. There is no scalability
        because we don't have another server.
